How to use Anim_Import:
	This program imports animation clips from .ase files and attaches them to GameObjects.
	It was created to make it easier to create sprite animations with dynamic frame lengths
	in Unity, as it is very tedious and time consuming to do manually.
	
Steps:
	1) Locate aseprite.exe
			This is an absolute must. Without having Aseprite installed on the current machine, the
			program cannot import data from .ase files. The program assumes you'll have it installed
			at the default location, but this may differ depending on how you installed Aseprite.
	2) Locate the art folder. 
			The program tries to do this automatically by assuming it is located in
			the same directory as the Unity project, but this may differ from project to project.
			Enter the location in the "Art Folder" field.
	3) Extract data from .ase file
			Once you've located the art folder, the "Aseprite File" field will update to include a list of all
			.ase files it has found. (.aseprite files are ignored, unfortunately). The currently selected file
			will be where all the animation data is imported from. By clicking "Extract From .ase File"
			the program will create a subfolder called "JSON" to put all the information it extracts.
	4) [optional] Select GameObject
			From the project, select a GameObject whose animation you would like to update. If you only
			wish to view the animation data from the .ase file, simply deselect "Apply Directly to Object"
			
	5) Import Animation Data
			-Press "Import Animation Data" to run the bulk of the program. It will import animation data from the
				selected .ase file in the "Aseprite File" field. If successful, the program will both output the data in the
				text area "Anim Data" as well as update every AnimationClip attached to the GameObject.
			
			- Selecting "Show Frame Data" will show where each frame should be located in regards to sample
				index. This can be used for debug purposes.
		
			- Typically .ase files contain loops. The program assumes that you want to create AnimationClips
				of with the same names as these loops, as this generally is how the animation is first created.
				However, since it goes through the existing AnimationClips first instead, it will not import the
				animation if the .ase file does not contain a loop of the same name.
			- I haven't programmed the capability of adding AnimationClips using .ase animation data, so you'll
				have to first create a dummy Animation for each GameObject if you want to use this program.
				Sorry!
					- Note: If you want to program that yourself, go ahead and program the method called
						"createClips()". Also, in "onGUI()", make sure to change the variable "update" to enable that
						method!